h1. Authorize plugin

Plugin containing some authorize classes for AuthComponent.

Current classes:
* AclAuthorize, row based Acl. AuthComponent adapter, to use together with AclBehavior created acos
* HabtmDbAcl. AclComponent adapter, for User habtm Group Acl. (for database acl only)

h2. Requirements

* PHP 5.2.8
* CakePHP 2.x

h2. Installation

_[Manual]_

# Download this: http://github.com/ceeram/Authorize/zipball/master
# Unzip that download.
# Copy the resulting folder to app/Plugin
# Rename the folder you just copied to Authorize

_[GIT Submodule]_

In your app directory type:
<pre><code>git submodule add git://github.com/ceeram/Authorize.git Plugin/Authorize
git submodule init
git submodule update
</code></pre>

_[GIT Clone]_

In your plugin directory type
<pre><code>git clone git://github.com/ceeram/Authorize.git Authorize</code></pre>

h2. Usage

In app/Config/bootstrap.php add: CakePlugin::load('Authorize');

h2. Configuration AclAuthorize:

Setup the authorize class

Example:
<pre><code>
    //in $components
    public $components = array(
        'Auth' => array(
            'authorize' => array(
                'Controller',
                'Authorize.Acl' => array('actionPath' => 'Models/')
            )
        )
    );
    //Or in beforeFilter()
    $this->Auth->authorize = array(
        'Controller',
        'Authorize.Acl' => array('actionPath' => 'Models/')
    );
</code></pre>
In the above example `ControllerAuthorize` is checked first. If your `Controller::isAuthorized()`
returns true on admin routing, AclAuthorize will only be checked for non-admin urls.
Also you need to set `actionPath` in a similar way which is used with Actions- and CrudAuthorize.

h2. Configuration HabtmDbAcl:

Setup the HabtmDbAcl adapter

in app/Config/core.php
<pre><code>
Configure::write('Acl.classname', 'Authorize.HabtmDbAcl');
</code></pre>

Make sure if you need to alter settings for HabtmDbAcl, you pass those to
AclComponent ``$settings['habtm']``, and have it loaded before any Auth configuration.
<pre><code>
    //in $components
    public $components = array(
        'Acl' => array('habtm' => array(
            'userModel' => 'Users.User',
            'groupAlias' => 'Group'
        )),
        'Auth' => array(
            //your Auth settings
        )
    );
</code></pre>

h2. License

Copyright (c) 2012 Ceeram

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.